4.
Shine.
Shown.
Max loves to shine his shoes.
He shined them yesterday.
He's shown them every week.
Shoot.
Shot.
Tim likes to shoot hoops.
Yesterday, he shot three in a row.
He's shot many baskets since.
Shut.
Lily tries to shut the door quietly.
Yesterday, she shut it too loudly.
She's shut it softly since.
Sing.
Some.
John loves to sing in the shower.
Yesterday, he sang loudly.
He sung that same song all week.
Sit.
Sat.
Sam tries to sit still in class.
Yesterday, he sat for an hour.
He's sat through longer lessons before.
Slide.
Slid.
Max loves to slide down hills.
Yesterday, he slid down the biggest one.
He's slid down many more since.
Spin.
Spun.
Jane likes to spin in circles.
Yesterday, she spun around until she got dizzy.
She spun for fun many times.
Stand.
Stood.
Tom tries to stand tall.
Yesterday, he stood all day at work.
He stood for hours before.
Stick.
Stuck.
Kate tries to stick to her plans.
Yesterday, she stuck to them perfectly.
She's stuck to her schedule ever since.
Strike.
Struck.
Sam likes to strike a pose.
Yesterday, he struck one in the mirror.
He's struck many funny poses before
.
Yesterday, he struck one in the mirror.
He's struck many funny poses before.